Uh that
You need to pay close attention these days
Or don't go back
Live in Zheng Yuan
Hmm that
Which room are you going to put me in?
It can't be the room before Miss Lin, right?
Are you jealous?
Nope.
Although I would love to have you stay in my room too
But you definitely don't want to
So I asked the housekeeper to arrange it.
Are you vacating the room next to me?
Since Lin Xiaoxiao moved into Zheng Yuan
I've been living in the room furthest from me
I never even touched his hand
Really, I confirmed my mind
I have no feelings for him
Not now.
I never will.
But who can say for sure what will happen in the future?
When you picked up his competitor, you got tired of it within a month
Maybe I'll be next
you
You trust me.
I would never do that.
But I still have a baby in my belly
Will you get rid of him then?
Of course not.
and
Why do you use such a serious word to solve?
That's because you once said
Children are the least effective investment
I didn't know you were pregnant at the time
My fault.
From now on
I will learn how to be a father